# Analysis
This is a platform designed for interactive analysis of maps of electrical signals recorded using fluorescence imaging or electrode arrays in the heart. Signals can be corrected for baseline drift (excluding low frequency components from the discrete wavelet transform) and filtered (low-pass, band-pass, notch, Savitzky-Golay etc) to reduce noise and then heart beats detected automatically where the curvature of the signal exceeds a user defined threshold. For each beat, an arbitrary number of signal events can be defined which capture, for example, local activation or relaxation time using published algorithms (e.g. steepest gradient, time to half-maximum etc). Isocontour maps can then be generated by linear interpolation of event times or other signal features (e.g. amplitude etc) between adjacent recording sites across arbitrarily defined arrays. 

Signal data are stored associated with entities in the MATLAB binary .mat file structure according to the data models defined in Analysis/Database/DataModels.txt. The MATLAB platform was chosen (in 2010) over alternatives for the benefits of the .mat file structure (efficient data storage) coupled with easy to use, interactive GUI development software (GUIDE) and a rich built-in set of mathematical signal processing functions. 

The GUI consists of 16 individual control panels for viewing and interactive analysis of the signals and isocontour maps. The platform was designed using the object-oriented programming capabilities of MATLAB, such as hierarchical inheritance, to ensure efficient and flexible development of the code-base. 

The platform was used in a 2019 study published in The Journal of Physiology available here: https://doi.org/10.1113/JP276876
